Init x-beta documentation (#148)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/specification-support/doc-beta.md

---
title: Beta
---

- TOC
{:toc}

Use the `x-beta` property inside an operation, a schema or a parameter object to identify it as beta.
The `x-beta` property is a boolean.

Adding or removing this property is a structural change.

> A change on a beta component, can't be breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A change in a beta component is never identified as a breaking change.
```

## Example usage

Here under is an example of a beta operation, a beta request body and a beta schema attribute.

```yaml

>   "paths": {

Reviewer 2: Could examples use YAML so its easier to read? Also this says its yaml but is json so needs changing anyhow. [Boop](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/boop/id1518425043?mt=12) is a handy tool for switching JSON to YAML (and a million other things).

Reviewer 3: I've change that, thanks!

> [Boop](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/boop/id1518425043?mt=12) is a handy tool for switching JSON to YAML

I use Dhall language tools for that which is very handy :smile: 
```
cat tmp/paths.json | json-to-dhall | dhall-to-yaml
```
You can do the opposite too:
```
cat tmp/paths.yaml | yaml-to-dhall | dhall-to-json
```
